msg/help.md, before:

**Commands:**
```
!mathelp: Instruction for how to utilize MATLAB in chat.

!`<latex>` : Renders a LaTeX image with supplied <latex> message.

!about : About me. Get the GitHub repo link. 

!bug : Fetch MathWorks contact link to report a bug.

!code : Reminder on how to paste code into Discord chat.

!doc <query> : Search for <query> in the Mathworks docs. (m)

!done : Clear a help channel of its busy status. (exit, answered, close)

!google <message> : lmgtfy the last message sent, or the <message> supplied.

!help : Display this help message!

!intro : Post the intro that is DM'd to new users when joining the server for the first time.

!jobs : Fetch the MathWorks jobs URL.

!online : Fetch the MATLAB online link.

!onramp : Display the MATLAB onramp message suggestion and fetch link.

!rand <n> : Return a random number between 1 and <n>, 6 by default. (roll)

!octhelp : Instructions for how to utilize Octave in chat.

!slonramp : Display the SImulink onramp message suggestion and fetch link.

!why : Answer to all questions.
```

Commit message:

added !execute to help message

msg/help.md, after:

**Commands:**
```
!mathelp: Instruction for how to utilize MATLAB in chat.

!`<latex>` : Renders a LaTeX image with supplied <latex> message.

!about : About me. Get the GitHub repo link. 

!bug : Fetch MathWorks contact link to report a bug.

!code : Reminder on how to paste code into Discord chat.

!doc <query> : Search for <query> in the Mathworks docs. (m)

!done : Clear a help channel of its busy status. (exit, answered, close)

!execute : Run code through MATLAB found in a codeblock within the last 5 messages.

!google <message> : lmgtfy the last message sent, or the <message> supplied.

!help : Display this help message!

!intro : Post the intro that is DM'd to new users when joining the server for the first time.

!jobs : Fetch the MathWorks jobs URL.

!online : Fetch the MATLAB online link.

!onramp : Display the MATLAB onramp message suggestion and fetch link.

!rand <n> : Return a random number between 1 and <n>, 6 by default. (roll)

!octhelp : Instructions for how to utilize Octave in chat.

!slonramp : Display the SImulink onramp message suggestion and fetch link.

!why : Answer to all questions.
```
