msg/intro.md, before:

**Welcome to the Matlab Discord Server!**

If you are new to Matlab, check out the official Matlab tutorials:
<https://www.mathworks.com/support/learn-with-matlab-tutorials.html>

Or this unofficial Matlab tutorial:
<https://www.tutorialspoint.com/matlab/index.htm>

Improve your coding skills by solving code challenges:
<https://www.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/cody/?s_tid=gn_mlc_cody>

__**Help**__

Most questions can be answered by googling "matlab + your question".

If you still need help, ask your question in <#450928036800364546>, <#456342124342804481> or <#456342247189774338>.

*Do not ping* other users for help. People who want to help will read the chat.

__**Bot Commands**__

Use bot commands in <#453522391377903636>. Write `!help` in chat to get a list of all commands.

__**Posting Code in Chat**__

When posting code in chat, wrap your code in three *backticks* and add *matlab* after the first three for syntax highlighting. For example typing:

\`\`\`matlab
for ii = 1:10
    disp(ii);
end%for ii
\`\`\`

Results in:
```matlab
for ii = 1:10
    disp(ii);
end%for ii
``` For longer code drag your m-files directly into chat or use <https://pastebin.com>. You can also save your workspace variables as a mat-file and drag that directly into chat as well.

Commit message:

Fixed timeout issues by changing workspace saves from text to binary.  Loads much faster. Fixed intro DM message to new users and turning on.

msg/intro.md, after:

**Welcome to the Matlab Discord Server!**

If you are new to Matlab, check out the official Matlab tutorials:
<https://www.mathworks.com/support/learn-with-matlab-tutorials.html>

MathWorks offers an onramp course that we highly recommend as well:
<https://www.mathworks.com/learn/tutorials/matlab-onramp.html>

__**Asking For Help**__
Most questions can be answered by googling "matlab + your question".

If you still need help, ask your question fully outright in any relevant channel labeled `help` that is not busy. Be sure to provide all relevant code and material when asking.

**Do not ping other users for help.** People who want and are willing to help will read the chat.

__**Bot Commands**__
Use bot commands in <#453522391377903636>. Write `!help` in chat to get a list of all commands.

__**Posting Code in Chat**__
When posting code in chat, wrap your code in three *backticks* and add *matlab* after the first three for syntax highlighting. For example typing:

\`\`\`matlab
    foobar = [1:10]; %comment
\`\`\`

Results in:
```matlab
    foobar = [1:10]; %comment
```
